Add an example of `RumResourceAttributesProvider` usage for Kotlin Multiplatform SDK (#27358)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/mobile_and_tv_monitoring/kotlin_multiplatform/advanced_configuration.md

}
```

### Enrich resources

> When [tracking resources automatically][6], provide a custom `RumResourceAttributesProvider` instance to add custom attributes to each tracked network request/response. For example, if you want to track a network request's headers, create an implementation as following, and pass it in `datadogKtorPlugin` initialization call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When [tracking resources automatically][6], provide a custom `RumResourceAttributesProvider` instance to add custom attributes to each tracked network request/response. For example, if you want to track a network request's headers, create an implementation like the following, and pass it in the `datadogKtorPlugin` initialization call.
```
